README.md, before:

# terraform-module-versions

Checks for updates of external terraform modules referenced in given Terraform (0.10.x - 0.12.x) modules. Outputs Markdown tables by default, as well as JSONL (`-o jsonl`, one JSON object per line), JSON (`-o json`), and JUnit XML (`-o junit`).

Supported module sources:

- **Git** with SemVer tags
  - `git::...`
  - `github.com/...`
  - `git@github.com:...`
- **Terraform Registry**
  - public `<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>`
  - private `<HOSTNAME>/<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>`

## Example

```sh
$ terraform-module-versions check examples
```

```markdown
| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |
```

## Contents

- [Examples](#examples)
  - [List modules with their current versions](#list-modules-with-their-current-versions)
  - [Check for module updates](#check-for-module-updates)
  - [Check for updates of specific modules](#check-for-updates-of-specific-modules)
- [Get it](#get-it)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [`list`](#list)
  - [`check`](#check)

## Examples

```sh
$ cat examples/main.tf
```

```terraform
module "consul" {
  source = "hashicorp/consul/aws"
  version = "~0.7.3"
}

module "consul_github_https_missing_ref" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
  version = "0.7.3"
}

module "consul_github_https_no_ref" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
}

module "consul_github_https" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0"
  version = "0.8.0"
}

module "consul_github_ssh" {
  source = "git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0"
  version = "~0.1.0"
}

module "example_git_ssh_branch" {
  source = "git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master"
}

module "example_git_scp" {
  source = "git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0"
  version = "~> 0.12"
}

module "local" {
  source = "./local"
}
```

### List modules with their current versions

```sh
# list modules with their current versions and version constraints (if specified)
$ terraform-module-versions list examples
```

|   TYPE   |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION |                                    SOURCE                                    |
|----------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| registry | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | hashicorp/consul/aws                                                         |
| local    | local                           |            |         | ./local                                                                      |
| git      | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  | git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master |
| git      | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  | git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0       |
| git      | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0                      |
| git      | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul                                    |
| git      | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul                                    |
| git      | consul_github_https             | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0                         |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul",
    "type": "registry",
    "source": "hashicorp/consul/aws",
    "constraint": "~0.7.3"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0",
    "constraint": "0.8.0",
    "version": "v0.8.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_missing_ref",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul",
    "constraint": "0.7.3"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_no_ref",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_scp",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0",
    "constraint": "~> 0.12",
    "version": "0.12.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_ssh_branch",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master",
    "version": "master"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "local",
    "type": "local",
    "source": "./local"
  }
]
```

### Check for module updates

```sh
# check: check for module updates from (usually) remote sources
$ terraform-module-versions check examples
```

| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul",
    "constraint": "~0.7.3",
    "latestMatching": "0.7.11",
    "latestOverall": "0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_missing_ref",
    "constraint": "0.7.3",
    "latestMatching": "v0.7.3",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_no_ref",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "latestMatching": "v0.1.2",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "matchingUpdate": true,
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_scp",
    "constraint": "~> 0.12",
    "version": "0.12.0",
    "latestOverall": "3.0.3",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_ssh_branch",
    "version": "master",
    "latestOverall": "3.0.3",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  }
]
```

```sh
# check -all: check for updates, include up-to-date-modules in output
$ terraform-module-versions check -all examples
```

| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
|         | consul_github_https             | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  |                 | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| ?       | local                           |            |         |                 |        |

### Check for updates of specific modules

```sh
# check -module: check for updates of specific modules
$ terraform-module-versions check -all -module=consul_github_https -module=consul_github_ssh examples
```

| UPDATE? |        NAME         | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
|         | consul_github_https | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh   | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |

```sh
# check -module: check for updates of specific modules
$ terraform-module-versions check -module=consul_github_https -module=consul_github_ssh examples
```

| UPDATE? |       NAME        | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|-------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| Y       | consul_github_ssh | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "latestMatching": "v0.1.2",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "matchingUpdate": true,
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  }
]
```

## Get it

Using go get:

```bash
go get -u github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions
```

Or [download the binary for your platform](https://github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions/releases/latest) from the releases page.

## Usage

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions [options] <subcommand>

SUBCOMMANDS
  list     List referenced terraform modules with their detected versions
  check    Check referenced terraform modules' sources for newer versions
  version  Print version and exit

FLAGS
  -o markdown       (alias for -output)
  -output markdown  output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
  -q false          (alias for -quiet)
  -quiet false      suppress log output (stderr)
```

### `list`

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions list [options] [<path> ...]

List referenced terraform modules with their detected versions

FLAGS
  -module ...       include this module (may be specified repeatedly. by default, all modules are included)
  -o markdown       (alias for -output)
  -output markdown  output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
```

### `check`

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions check [options] [<path> ...]

Check referenced terraform modules' sources for newer versions

FLAGS
  -H ...                             (alias for -registry-header)
  -a false                           (alias for -all)
  -all false                         include modules without updates
  -e false                           (alias for -updates-found-nonzero-exit)
  -module ...                        include this module (may be specified repeatedly. by default, all modules are included)
  -o markdown                        (alias for -output)
  -output markdown                   output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
  -registry-header ...               extra HTTP headers for requests to Terraform module registries (a key/value pair KEY:VALUE, may be specified repeatedly)
  -updates-found-nonzero-exit false  exit with a nonzero code when modules with updates are found
```

Commit message:

- Make return nonZero exit code if any non latest version found (with flag -E / -any-found-nonzero-exit) - Add ability to basic auth to get access to non public repositories (with flag -basic-auth) - not pretty workaround for github sources, if having structure like: git@github.com/...; will force them to use https://github.com/... (with flag -u / -use-url)

README.md, after:

# terraform-module-versions

Checks for updates of external terraform modules referenced in given Terraform (0.10.x - 0.12.x) modules. Outputs Markdown tables by default, as well as JSONL (`-o jsonl`, one JSON object per line), JSON (`-o json`), and JUnit XML (`-o junit`).

Supported module sources:

- **Git** with SemVer tags
  - `git::...`
  - `github.com/...`
  - `git@github.com:...`
- **Terraform Registry**
  - public `<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>`
  - private `<HOSTNAME>/<NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>`

## Example

```sh
$ terraform-module-versions check examples
```

```markdown
| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |
```

## Contents

- [Examples](#examples)
  - [List modules with their current versions](#list-modules-with-their-current-versions)
  - [Check for module updates](#check-for-module-updates)
  - [Check for updates of specific modules](#check-for-updates-of-specific-modules)
- [Get it](#get-it)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [`list`](#list)
  - [`check`](#check)

## Examples

```sh
$ cat examples/main.tf
```

```terraform
module "consul" {
  source = "hashicorp/consul/aws"
  version = "~0.7.3"
}

module "consul_github_https_missing_ref" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
  version = "0.7.3"
}

module "consul_github_https_no_ref" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
}

module "consul_github_https" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0"
  version = "0.8.0"
}

module "consul_github_ssh" {
  source = "git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0"
  version = "~0.1.0"
}

module "example_git_ssh_branch" {
  source = "git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master"
}

module "example_git_scp" {
  source = "git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0"
  version = "~> 0.12"
}

module "local" {
  source = "./local"
}
```

### List modules with their current versions

```sh
# list modules with their current versions and version constraints (if specified)
$ terraform-module-versions list examples
```

|   TYPE   |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION |                                    SOURCE                                    |
|----------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| registry | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | hashicorp/consul/aws                                                         |
| local    | local                           |            |         | ./local                                                                      |
| git      | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  | git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master |
| git      | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  | git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0       |
| git      | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0                      |
| git      | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul                                    |
| git      | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul                                    |
| git      | consul_github_https             | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  | github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0                         |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul",
    "type": "registry",
    "source": "hashicorp/consul/aws",
    "constraint": "~0.7.3"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=v0.8.0",
    "constraint": "0.8.0",
    "version": "v0.8.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_missing_ref",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul",
    "constraint": "0.7.3"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_no_ref",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git@github.com:hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul?ref=0.1.0",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_scp",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git::git@github.com:keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=0.12.0",
    "constraint": "~> 0.12",
    "version": "0.12.0"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_ssh_branch",
    "type": "git",
    "source": "git::ssh://git@github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions?ref=master",
    "version": "master"
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "local",
    "type": "local",
    "source": "./local"
  }
]
```

### Check for module updates

```sh
# check: check for module updates from (usually) remote sources
$ terraform-module-versions check examples
```

| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul",
    "constraint": "~0.7.3",
    "latestMatching": "0.7.11",
    "latestOverall": "0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_missing_ref",
    "constraint": "0.7.3",
    "latestMatching": "v0.7.3",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_https_no_ref",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "latestMatching": "v0.1.2",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "matchingUpdate": true,
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_scp",
    "constraint": "~> 0.12",
    "version": "0.12.0",
    "latestOverall": "3.0.3",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  },
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "example_git_ssh_branch",
    "version": "master",
    "latestOverall": "3.0.3",
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  }
]
```

```sh
# check -all: check for updates, include up-to-date-modules in output
$ terraform-module-versions check -all examples
```

| UPDATE? |              NAME               | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| (Y)     | consul                          | ~0.7.3     |         | 0.7.11          | 0.8.0  |
|         | consul_github_https             | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  |                 | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_missing_ref | 0.7.3      |         | v0.7.3          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | consul_github_https_no_ref      |            |         |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh               | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |
| (Y)     | example_git_scp                 | ~> 0.12    | 0.12.0  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| (Y)     | example_git_ssh_branch          |            | master  |                 | 3.0.3  |
| ?       | local                           |            |         |                 |        |

### Check for updates of specific modules

```sh
# check -module: check for updates of specific modules
$ terraform-module-versions check -all -module=consul_github_https -module=consul_github_ssh examples
```

| UPDATE? |        NAME         | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|---------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
|         | consul_github_https | 0.8.0      | v0.8.0  |                 | v0.8.0 |
| Y       | consul_github_ssh   | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |

```sh
# check -module: check for updates of specific modules
$ terraform-module-versions check -module=consul_github_https -module=consul_github_ssh examples
```

| UPDATE? |       NAME        | CONSTRAINT | VERSION | LATEST MATCHING | LATEST |
|---------|-------------------|------------|---------|-----------------|--------|
| Y       | consul_github_ssh | ~0.1.0     | 0.1.0   | v0.1.2          | v0.8.0 |

with `-o json`:

```json
[
  {
    "path": "examples/main.tf",
    "name": "consul_github_ssh",
    "constraint": "~0.1.0",
    "version": "0.1.0",
    "latestMatching": "v0.1.2",
    "latestOverall": "v0.8.0",
    "matchingUpdate": true,
    "nonMatchingUpdate": true
  }
]
```

## Get it

Using go get:

```bash
go get -u github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions
```

Or [download the binary for your platform](https://github.com/keilerkonzept/terraform-module-versions/releases/latest) from the releases page.

## Usage

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions [options] <subcommand>

SUBCOMMANDS
  list     List referenced terraform modules with their detected versions
  check    Check referenced terraform modules' sources for newer versions
  version  Print version and exit

FLAGS
  -o markdown       (alias for -output)
  -output markdown  output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
  -q false          (alias for -quiet)
  -quiet false      suppress log output (stderr)
```

### `list`

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions list [options] [<path> ...]

List referenced terraform modules with their detected versions

FLAGS
  -module ...       include this module (may be specified repeatedly. by default, all modules are included)
  -o markdown       (alias for -output)
  -output markdown  output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
```

### `check`

```text
USAGE
  terraform-module-versions check [options] [<path> ...]

Check referenced terraform modules' sources for newer versions

FLAGS
  -E false                           (alias for -any-found-nonzero-exit)
  -H ...                             (alias for -registry-header)
  -a false                           (alias for -all)
  -all false                         include modules without updates
  -any-found-nonzero-exit false      exit with a nonzero code when any module not matching to it's latest version found
  -basic-auth ...                    Authentication string to authenticate on repository calls. Should be string '[username]:[password]'
  -e false                           (alias for -updates-found-nonzero-exit)
  -module ...                        include this module (may be specified repeatedly. by default, all modules are included)
  -o markdown                        (alias for -output)
  -output markdown                   output format, one of [json jsonl junit markdown markdown-wide]
  -registry-header ...               extra HTTP headers for requests to Terraform module registries (a key/value pair KEY:VALUE, may be specified repeatedly)
  -u false                           (alias for -use-url)
  -updates-found-nonzero-exit false  exit with a nonzero code when modules with updates are found
  -use-url false                     Use URL instead of SSH checkout. Usable if autorizing via token.
```
